


<!DOCTYPE html>

<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>&lt;no title&gt; &#8212; conda-forge 2021.04.01 documentation</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../_static/pygments.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../_static/cloud.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Noticia+Text:400,i,b,bi|Open+Sans:400,i,b,bi|Roboto+Mono:400,i,b,bi&amp;display=swap" type="text/css" />
    
    <script id="documentation_options" data-url_root="../../" src="../../_static/documentation_options.js"></script>
    <script src="../../_static/jquery.js"></script>
    <script src="../../_static/underscore.js"></script>
    <script src="../../_static/doctools.js"></script>

    
    
     
        <script src="../../_static/jquery.cookie.js"></script>
    

    
     
        <script src="../../_static/cloud.base.js"></script>
    

    
     
        <script src="../../_static/cloud.js"></script>
    

    <link rel="index" title="Index" href="../../genindex.html" />
    <link rel="search" title="Search" href="../../search.html" />
    <link rel="next" title="&lt;no title&gt;" href="2020-11-11.html" />
    <link rel="prev" title="Core team meeting minutes" href="00_intro.html" /> 
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  </head><body>
    <div class="relbar-top">
        
    <div class="related" role="navigation" aria-label="related navigation">
      <h3>Navigation</h3>
      <ul>
        <li class="right" style="margin-right: 10px">
          <a href="../../genindex.html" title="General Index"
             accesskey="I">index</a></li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="2020-11-11.html" title="&lt;no title&gt;"
             accesskey="N">next</a> &nbsp; &nbsp;</li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="00_intro.html" title="Core team meeting minutes"
             accesskey="P">previous</a> &nbsp; &nbsp;</li>
    <li><a href="../../index.html">conda-forge 2021.04.01 documentation</a> &#187;</li>

          <li class="nav-item nav-item-1"><a href="../00_intro.html" >Organisation Documentation</a> &#187;</li>
          <li class="nav-item nav-item-2"><a href="00_intro.html" accesskey="U">Core team meeting minutes</a> &#187;</li>
        <li class="nav-item nav-item-this"><a href="">&lt;no title&gt;</a></li> 
      </ul>
    </div>
    </div>
  

    <div class="document">
      <div class="documentwrapper">
        <div class="bodywrapper">
          <div class="body" role="main">
            
  <p># 2020-11-18 conda-forge core meeting</p>
<hr class="docutils" />
<p>[Zoom link](<a class="reference external" href="https://flatiron.zoom.us/j/93242638216?pwd=bjRCWmVJRW1oTGJhN09VUmxtTTJOUT09">https://flatiron.zoom.us/j/93242638216?pwd=bjRCWmVJRW1oTGJhN09VUmxtTTJOUT09</a>)
[What time is the meeting in my time zone](<a class="reference external" href="https://arewemeetingyet.com/UTC/2020-08-26/17:00/w/Conda-forge%20dev%20meeting#eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2hhY2ttZC5pby9wUk15dFVKV1FmU3NJM2xvMGlqQzJRP2VkaXQifQ==">https://arewemeetingyet.com/UTC/2020-08-26/17:00/w/Conda-forge%20dev%20meeting#eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2hhY2ttZC5pby9wUk15dFVKV1FmU3NJM2xvMGlqQzJRP2VkaXQifQ==</a>)
[last weeks meeting](<a class="reference external" href="https://hackmd.io/r5eeo5cGQ7iHG1IgpB6axQ">https://hackmd.io/r5eeo5cGQ7iHG1IgpB6axQ</a>)</p>
<p>## Attendees
- Filipe Fernandes
- CJ
- Nikolay
- Eric Dill
- Cheng Lee
- Connor Martin
- John Kirkham
- Ray Douglas
- Chris Burr
- Marcel Bargull
- Paul Ivanov
- Isuru
- Michael Sarahan
- Crystal Soja
- Wolf
- Sylvain Corlay</p>
<p>## Agenda</p>
<p>### Standing items</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[x] intros for new folks on the call</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>Nikolay from intel</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[x] (CJ) budget</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>current approvals?</p></li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>Whenever updated numbers land, please screenshare and show the budget.</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>Link is in Keybase (numfocus_spreadsheets.txt)</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><p>(CJ) We’re all up to date and Oct P&amp;L hasn’t been published yet</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><p>[x] open votes</p></li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[ ] (MRB/ED/SC) Roadmap / Funding</dt><dd><ul>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>goal is to spend 15 minutes each core meeting for ~3-4 meetings to discuss this</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>Save last 15 minutes for this.</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://hackmd.io/0zGSUS71SbOdBsdLtDmGjg">https://hackmd.io/0zGSUS71SbOdBsdLtDmGjg</a></p></li>
<li><p>notes will get added to hackmd above</p></li>
<li><p>MRB will collate into a document of sorts</p></li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>some resources</dt><dd><ol class="arabic simple">
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>Some numbers:</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/by-the-numbers/blob/master/conda-forge-timelines.ipynb">https://github.com/conda-forge/by-the-numbers/blob/master/conda-forge-timelines.ipynb</a></p></li>
<li><p>conda-forge has added about 3k feedstocks per year in 2019 and will in 2020</p></li>
<li><p>the growth in the amount of data we store appears to be accelerating</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>risk measurements</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>CJ deserves all of the credit for this idea</p></li>
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ADNNauwVZWUsEdlh5aEg0OLjyDWvCX7PLoo-K34EqcM/edit#gid=0">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ADNNauwVZWUsEdlh5aEg0OLjyDWvCX7PLoo-K34EqcM/edit#gid=0</a></p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ol>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><p>going to skip today due to my own constraints</p></li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>TODO:</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>Everyone take a look at the pypa roadmap:</p></li>
<li><p>fill out the risk measurement spread sheet:
<a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/psf/fundable-packaging-improvements/blob/master/FUNDABLES.md">https://github.com/psf/fundable-packaging-improvements/blob/master/FUNDABLES.md</a></p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
<p>#### From previous meeting(s)</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[x] (MB) asking core members to move to “emeritus” status</dt><dd><ul>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>TODO: Eric to set up quarterly check-in for all core members to see if they’re interested in remaining “active” or if they want to move to emeritus</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>Remove emeritus folks from having access to various credentials (api tokens, twitter password, etc.)? This would require a change to the governance doc.</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[x] (CJ) We seem to have some artifacts that have more files than expected</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>~4~ 5 pkgs ship requests (other than requests itself) see below</p></li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>What should we do about these?</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>Old pkgs</p></li>
<li><p>Newer/latest pkgs</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><p>Track on issue here: <a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io/issues/1189">https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io/issues/1189</a></p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
<p><code class="docutils literal notranslate"><span class="pre">`</span>
<span class="pre">'apache-libcloud-2.4.0-py27_1000',</span>
<span class="pre">'apache-libcloud-2.4.0-py36_1000',</span>
<span class="pre">'apache-libcloud-2.4.0-py37_1000',</span>
<span class="pre">'apache-libcloud-2.4.0-py_1000',</span>
<span class="pre">'autovizwidget-0.12.6-py_1000',</span>
<span class="pre">'dbxfs-1.0.38-py_0',</span>
<span class="pre">'google-api-core-1.20.0-py36h9f0ad1d_0',</span>
<span class="pre">'google-api-core-1.20.0-py37hc8dfbb8_0',</span>
<span class="pre">'google-api-core-1.20.0-py38h32f6830_0',</span>
<span class="pre">'google-api-core-1.20.1-py36h9f0ad1d_0',</span>
<span class="pre">'google-api-core-1.20.1-py37hc8dfbb8_0',</span>
<span class="pre">'google-api-core-1.20.1-py38h32f6830_0',</span>
<span class="pre">'google-cloud-bigquery-storage-core-2.0.0-pyh9f0ad1d_1',</span>
<span class="pre">'google-cloud-bigquery-storage-core-2.0.1-pyh9f0ad1d_0'</span>
<span class="pre">`</span></code></p>
<p>### Your __new__() agenda items</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[x] (IF/MRB/MV) intel oneAPI</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>TL;DR it appears we are free to ship the oneAPI compiler stack from intel</p></li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>See these issues:</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes/pull/12527#pullrequestreview-531443464">https://github.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes/pull/12527#pullrequestreview-531443464</a></p></li>
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/intel_repack-feedstock/issues/16">https://github.com/conda-forge/intel_repack-feedstock/issues/16</a></p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>License issues</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>can we ship software other than ISSL?</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>Place to raise issues</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>eg: MKL 2020.4 is segfaulting on an SVD</p></li>
<li><p>eg: TBB 2020.4 is not available for win/osx because of a hang</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>rough plan</dt><dd><ul>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>figure out what exactly we’d like to ship</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>full intel compiler stack on conda-forge?</p></li>
<li><p>repackage intel provided conda-packages of the compilers?</p></li>
<li><p>intelmpi</p></li>
<li><p>opencl_rt</p></li>
<li><p>dpcpp_rt</p></li>
<li><p>oneCCL</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>do the thing</dt><dd><ul>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>implement archspec stuff so we can turn on higher level SIMD optimization levels</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>plan to make work for gcc and clang too</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>allow people to optionally add intel stuff to their feedstocks via migrator (like aarch/ppc and osx arm) or admin command</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>(IF): Why would we need a migrator?</p></li>
<li><p>(MRB): make things nice for people</p></li>
<li><p>(MRB): solve any abi issues around fortran or other runtimes?</p></li>
<li><p>(IF): This would be a huge rebuild with little to no benefit for 99.9% of packages</p></li>
<li><p>(MRB): OK - happy to use an admin command to add it to feedstocks as needed</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>Other notes</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/jeffhammond/dpcpp-tutorial">https://github.com/jeffhammond/dpcpp-tutorial</a></p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>todo</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>[ ] (Nikolay) licensing for opencl_rt</p></li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[X] (Nikolay) intelmpi ABI compat w/ mpich</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>Yes, Intel MPI have ABI compatibility and have plans to support it going forward</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><p>[ ] (MRB/IF) figure out how exactly to package C/C++ compilers</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (MRB/IF) think about fortran ABI</p></li>
<li><p>[x] (MRB) make conda-forge compilers room (add people including keith)</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[x] (CJ) Diversity and Inclusion Sub-team</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io/pull/1187">https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io/pull/1187</a></p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[x] (CJ) Please fill out the critical infrastructure survey</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ADNNauwVZWUsEdlh5aEg0OLjyDWvCX7PLoo-K34EqcM/edit#gid=0">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ADNNauwVZWUsEdlh5aEg0OLjyDWvCX7PLoo-K34EqcM/edit#gid=0</a></p></li>
<li><p>results so far: <a class="reference external" href="https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/gist/beckermr/9c0f5aa71720cf1b18646ccd0c3ab40f">https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/gist/beckermr/9c0f5aa71720cf1b18646ccd0c3ab40f</a></p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[x] (MRB) bot now supports PRs into branches!</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>(UK) Thanks!</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[x] (SC) OVH is giving us s3 storage that should be enough for storing all of CF alongside the VM</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>MSFT would be able to give CF credits for hosting ~$10k</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
<p>### Pushed to next meeting</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[ ] (MRB/IF) pybind11 packaging</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>issue: <a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge-pinning-feedstock/pull/849#issuecomment-727207060">https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge-pinning-feedstock/pull/849#issuecomment-727207060</a></p></li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>we agreed to a pybind11-abi metapackage that</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>is versioned with the pybind11 internal abi</p></li>
<li><p>has a run export on itself</p></li>
<li><p>pybind11 will have a run_constrained on its version</p></li>
<li><p>can be optionally added to host envs by users to enforce ABI compat as needed</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
<p>### Active votes</p>
<p>### Subteam updates</p>
<p>#### Bot</p>
<p>#### ARM</p>
<p>#### POWER</p>
<p>#### CUDA</p>
<p>#### Docs</p>
<p>#### staged-recipes</p>
<p>#### website</p>
<p>#### security+systems</p>
<p>### CI infrastructure</p>
<p>#### Compiler upgrade</p>
<p>### CFEP updates</p>
<p>#### Open PRs</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[cfep-04](<a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge-enhancement-proposals/pull/7">https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge-enhancement-proposals/pull/7</a>) X11 and CDT policy</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>INACTIVE - Merge in with some inactive-esque status?</p></li>
<li><p>Needs new champion. Thanks for your work on this pkgw! Has unaddressed comments from pkgw as from Jan 10, 2020</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[cfep-06](<a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge-enhancement-proposals/pull/9">https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge-enhancement-proposals/pull/9</a>) Staged-recipes review lifecycle</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>INACTIVE - Merge in with some inactive-esque status?</p></li>
<li><p>Lingering comment from &#64;saraedum. &#64;jakirkham, can you reply? Has unadressed comment from &#64;saraedum from Jan 8, 2020</p></li>
<li><p>(MRB) The stalebot has solved the worst of the issues here. I think we could defer this one permanently.</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[cfep-10](<a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge-enhancement-proposals/pull/15">https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge-enhancement-proposals/pull/15</a>) Feedstock statuses, unmaintained</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>INACTIVE - Merge in with some inactive-esque status?</p></li>
<li><p>Needs another review. Has unaddressed updates from pkgw as of Jan 11, 2020</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[cfep-12](<a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/cfep/pull/23">https://github.com/conda-forge/cfep/pull/23</a>) Removing packages that violate the terms of the source package</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>Stalled since May 26, 2020</p></li>
<li><p>Active debate about moving to “broken” vs deleting from conda-forge channel</p></li>
<li><p>Active vote, ends on 2020-03-11</p></li>
<li><p>What were the results of the vote?</p></li>
<li><p>Did we hear back from NumFOCUS?</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[cfep-17](<a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/cfep/pull/32">https://github.com/conda-forge/cfep/pull/32</a>) Handling pin backports and dependency rebuilds</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>Stalled debate about implementation details between Isuru, CJ and Matt</p></li>
<li><p><strong>UPDATE 2020-07-22</strong>: We in principle have agreement to render the extra pinnings needed directly in the feedstock
on a temporary basis (i.e., until the migration has ended).</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><p>[cfep-20](<a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/cfep/pull/39">https://github.com/conda-forge/cfep/pull/39</a>)</p></li>
</ul>
<p>## Discussion</p>
<p>## Check in on previous action items
Copy previous action items from last meeting agenda.</p>
<p>### This meeting
2020-11-18
* [ ] (IF/MRB/MV) intel oneAPI</p>
<blockquote>
<div><ul class="simple">
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>todo</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>[ ] (Nikolay) licensing for opencl_rt</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (Nikolay) intelmpi ABI compat w/ mpich</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (MRB/IF) figure out how exactly to package C/C++ compilers</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (MRB/IF) think about fortran ABI</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (MRB) make conda-forge compilers room (add people including keith)</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
</div></blockquote>
<ul class="simple">
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[ ] (MB) asking core members to move to “emeritus” status</dt><dd><ul>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[ ] TODO: Eric to set up quarterly check-in for all core members to see if they’re interested in remaining “active” or if they want to move to emeritus</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>Remove emeritus folks from having access to various credentials (api tokens, twitter password, etc.)? This would require a change to the governance doc.</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>
<p>### Last meeting
2020-11-11
* TODO: Think about bringing in JOSS to provide context around how we might best write papers</p>
<p>### 2 meetings ago
2020-11-03
* [x] (MRB) proposed policy on when core pushes to the feedstocks they don’t maintain</p>
<blockquote>
<div><ul class="simple">
<li><p>[x] (MRB) put in docs PR</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (MRB) make PR on bot to mention the policy</p></li>
</ul>
</div></blockquote>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>TODO: Check on Forrest Watters permissions for core</p></li>
<li><p>[x] (FF) Outreachy would cost 6500 USD.
* Next steps: write abstract and vote on spending of funds.</p></li>
</ul>
<p>### Move to Issue Tracker
2020-10-28
2020-10-21
* [ ] (Marius?) Python 2.7 migration</p>
<blockquote>
<div><ul class="simple">
<li><p>( ) [ ] make a hint</p></li>
<li><p>( ) [ ] make an announcement</p></li>
<li><p>( ) [ ] make the hint a lint</p></li>
</ul>
</div></blockquote>
<p>2020-10-07
* [ ] Make sure to add the NVBug info to the cudatoolkit package that conda-forge makes (if we make one)</p>
<p>2020-09-30</p>
<p>2020-09-23
* [x] (MRB)</p>
<blockquote>
<div><ul class="simple">
<li><p>do libgfortran name change</p></li>
<li><p>add target platform to hashes</p></li>
<li><p>do gfortran migration with bot</p></li>
<li><p>bump pinnings</p></li>
</ul>
</div></blockquote>
<p>2020-09-16
* [x] Get a call set up with Jon Mease about the kaleido staged recipes PR</p>
<blockquote>
<div><ul class="simple">
<li><p>Emailed on 2020-09-16</p></li>
</ul>
</div></blockquote>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[x] (FF) Open up a PR on the python feedstock for python 3.9 and see what fails</p></li>
</ul>
<p>2020-09-09
* [ ] (ED) Update governance docs with similar voting model as what got put into conda-tools (+3 with no -1 is a pass)
* [ ] (SC) Write jinja template to turn institutional partners yaml into a website <a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io/blob/master/src/inst_partners.yaml">https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io/blob/master/src/inst_partners.yaml</a>
* [ ] (SC) Document what needs to be done to create an OVH account and get access</p>
<p>2020-08-26
<strong>Docker hub</strong>
* [ ] (JK) Check in on Azure build workers to see if they have the docker hub limitation.
* [ ] (JK) work with dockerhub to see if we can get OSS status</p>
<blockquote>
<div><ul class="simple">
<li><p>[ ] Check in again at some point. We haven’t heard back as of 2020-09-23</p></li>
</ul>
</div></blockquote>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[x] (MRB) start pushing images to quay (<a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/docker-images/pull/152">https://github.com/conda-forge/docker-images/pull/152</a>)</p></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>OVH</strong>
* [ ] (???) build webpage to credit them (and others)
* [ ] If we’re adding a logo, will want to make sure that we have permission to use it.
* [ ] Shout-out on twitter at some point. “Thanks forOVHCloud for providing a VM”, etc. (maybe after we ship qt on windows with it?)</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[ ] Figure out how to communicate breaking changes to users. Likely should open up an issue immediately for futher discussion. Ping &#64;kkraus, plus capture notes from further up in these meeting notes</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] John K. will update the cuda toolkit feedstock on the git repo to note the NVBug link to the internal NVIDIA issue tracker</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] Jonathan will update docs to note that some non-exhaustive list of packages (like cuda-toolkit, MKL, etc.)</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] Jonathan will review this [PR](<a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/AnacondaRecipes/cudatoolkit-feedstock/pull/7">https://github.com/AnacondaRecipes/cudatoolkit-feedstock/pull/7</a>)</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (Kale) schedule conda working group</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] cfep-10 next steps: CJ to call a vote for feedback</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] cfep-06 next steps: Ask staged recipes team to champion this CFEP and move it forward</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] jakirkham &amp; CJ-wright to sync on adding CUDA to the migration bot</p></li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[ ] (Eric) Scheduling Anaconda &lt;-&gt; conda-forge sync on anaconda.org requirements gathering</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>Will try and get this scheduled in the next month.</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><p>[ ] (Anthony) Reach out to NumFocus to figure out legal ramifications of not including licenses in files.</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (Eric) check internally for funding levels for hotels &amp; flying folks from the community in?</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (Eric) Figure out finances of conda-forge to support themselves?</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (jjhelmus) Open up CFEP for which python’s we’re going to support</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (jakirkham) write a blog post on CUDA stuff we discussed today</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (jakirkham) update docs on how to add CUDA support to feedstocks</p></li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[ ] (jakirkham) will open an issue on conda-smithy to investigate Drone issues. (ping the aarch team)</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io/issues/954">https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io/issues/954</a></p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[ ] (ED) Who we are page? Some combination of a FAQ and a who is everyone. FAQ things like:</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>who’s the POC for CF &lt;&gt; Anaconda, CF &lt;&gt; NumFocus, CF &lt;&gt; Azure</p></li>
<li><p>who’s the POC for the various subteams?</p></li>
<li><p>Informal information: roles, day jobs, bios, the whole nine yards, why you’re here, etc.</p></li>
<li><p>Public or internal? I don’t really care either way. Anyone feel strongly one way or the other?</p></li>
<li><p>opt-in to public bios</p></li>
<li><p>software carpentry has a large number of instructors and has <a class="reference external" href="https://carpentries.org/instructors">https://carpentries.org/instructors</a></p></li>
<li><p>some concern about “yet another place to keep stuff up to date”</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li><p>[ ] (ED) document strategies for reproducible environments using conda-forge</p></li>
<li><dl class="simple">
<dt>[ ] (UK) Static libraries stuff</dt><dd><ul>
<li><p>[ ] Add linting hints to builds to find them</p></li>
<li><p>[x] Recommend how to package them -&gt; CFEP-18</p></li>
<li><p>[x] We should write docs saying we don’t provide support and this is a bad idea. -&gt; CFEP-18</p></li>
</ul>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>


            <div class="clearer"></div>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="sphinxsidebar" role="navigation" aria-label="main navigation">
        <div class="sphinxsidebarwrapper">
        <p class="logo"><a href="../../index.html" title="index">
          <img class="logo" src="../../_static/logo_black_on_trans.png" alt="Logo"/>
        </a></p><div class="sphinx-toc sphinxlocaltoc">
    <h3><a href="../../index.html">Overview</a></h3>
    <ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../user/00_intro.html">User Documentation</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../maintainer/00_intro.html">Maintainer Documentation</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../00_intro.html">Organisation Documentation</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../misc/00_intro.html">Miscellaneous</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../contracting/00_intro.html">Contracting Information</a></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../user/announcements.html">Announcements</a></li>
</ul>

  </div>
  <div class="sphinxprev">
    <h4>Previous page</h4>
    <p class="topless"><a href="00_intro.html"
                          title="Previous page">&larr; Core team meeting minutes</a></p>
  </div>
  <div class="sphinxnext">
    <h4>Next page</h4>
    <p class="topless"><a href="2020-11-11.html"
                          title="Next page">&rarr; &lt;no title&gt;</a></p>
  </div>
  <div role="note" aria-label="source link">
    <h3>This Page</h3>
    <ul class="this-page-menu">
      <li><a href="../../_sources/orga/minutes/2020-11-18.md.txt"
            rel="nofollow">Show Source</a></li>
    </ul>
   </div>
<div id="searchbox" style="display: none" role="search">
  <h3 id="searchlabel">Quick search</h3>
    <div class="searchformwrapper">
    <form class="search" action="../../search.html" method="get">
      <input type="text" name="q" aria-labelledby="searchlabel" />
      <input type="submit" value="Go" />
    </form>
    </div>
</div>
<script>$('#searchbox').show(0);</script>
        </div>
      </div>
    
    
        <div class="sidebar-toggle-group no-js">
            
            <button class="sidebar-toggle" id="sidebar-hide" title="Hide the sidebar menu">
                 «
                <span class="show-for-small">hide menu</span>
                
            </button>
            <button class="sidebar-toggle" id="sidebar-show" title="Show the sidebar menu">
                
                <span class="show-for-small">menu</span>
                <span class="hide-for-small">sidebar</span>
                 »
            </button>
        </div>
    
      <div class="clearer"></div>
    </div>
    <div class="relbar-bottom">
        
    <div class="related" role="navigation" aria-label="related navigation">
      <h3>Navigation</h3>
      <ul>
        <li class="right" style="margin-right: 10px">
          <a href="../../genindex.html" title="General Index"
             >index</a></li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="2020-11-11.html" title="&lt;no title&gt;"
             >next</a> &nbsp; &nbsp;</li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="00_intro.html" title="Core team meeting minutes"
             >previous</a> &nbsp; &nbsp;</li>
    <li><a href="../../index.html">conda-forge 2021.04.01 documentation</a> &#187;</li>

          <li class="nav-item nav-item-1"><a href="../00_intro.html" >Organisation Documentation</a> &#187;</li>
          <li class="nav-item nav-item-2"><a href="00_intro.html" >Core team meeting minutes</a> &#187;</li>
        <li class="nav-item nav-item-this"><a href="">&lt;no title&gt;</a></li> 
      </ul>
    </div>
    </div>

    <div class="footer" role="contentinfo">
        &#169; Copyright 2016-2021, conda-forge.
      Created using <a href="https://www.sphinx-doc.org/">Sphinx</a> 3.5.3.
    </div>
    <!-- cloud_sptheme 1.4 -->
  </body>
</html>